# DESIGN-AND-CONTROL-OF-QUADCOPTERS-WITH-RASPBERRY-PI-TO-AUTONOMOUS-FLYING
It is aimed to design a quadcopter without using a flight control card. There are flight control cards with opensource in different features and costs. In fact, these cards are sold as a set and can be easily used with setup information. However, consider that the use of these cards will not contribute to the engineer user, flight control card design has been tried step by step with the correct parts. The control card is not a PCB design or kernel software. The aim is to design the sensor software and controls used in unmanned aerial vehicles using Raspberry pi 3 card, and the control algorithms of the motors to be used, by creating them. The reason for choosing raspberry pi for design is that it can be easily connected to the internet, it provides the freedom to add features to the project, as it has a suitable environment for machine learning and image processing. In this way, it is aimed to learn by taking steps to keep the design in the air. For example, how the global coordinate system and the body frame coordinate system created with the help of the quadcopter's sensors are related, how the position, speed and angular changes (pitch, roll, yaw angles) of the vehicle are determined with the data from the sensors are the achievements of the project. It is also possible to examine the codes of the opensource controllers, but it takes a long time to understand the algorithm written by a group of engineers. In the project, sensors, GPS module, motor control card, and brushless motors were made with the raspberry pi card. By solving the PWM problem of Raspberry pi, the engines were started. The location data from the sensor are filtered. However, control systems that need to be designed in a different structure for each axis could not be created in order to control the motors in the air and to keep the vehicle in balance. The PID library has been found to control the position data that will affect the motors, but how to calculate the effects of this algorithm on motors has not been found. It has been understood that the operations to be performed with control algorithms and the kinematic design of the quadcopters to flight control algorithms can be done with crowded project groups and professional teams in the field.
